Create Policies.md (#116)
NCATS-Tangerine/NCATS-ReasonerStdAPI: Policies.md

# NCATS Translator API Policies

This document described development and release policies for the NCATS Translator API

## Repository branches
- The repository shall have two primary branches, `master` and `experimental`
- The `master` branch shall contain the current core API schema, both in-development changes and tagged releases
- The `experimental` branch shall contain the current extended API schema, a definition of additional properties that are used and promoted by at least one team

## Version Numbering

> - After a tagged release, the very next commit to the `master` branch will receive an increment to the next minor version number with 'dev' appended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After a tagged release, the very next commit to the `master` branch will receive an increment to the next minor version number with '-dev' appended
```
per https://semver.org/#spec-item-9

>   (e.g. 0.9.3dev)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (e.g. 0.9.3-dev)
```
per https://semver.org/#spec-item-9
